<h2>Weather</h2><p>Jefferson City: frost at dawn (31°F), climbing to 83°F with
full sun. Tacoma: 56°F, partly cloudy, rain tomorrow.</p><h2>Texts</h2><p>Katelyn asking about
bird sightings — you two have been trading all week.
Alex sent The Verge's Apple 50th anniversary product ranking at
11 PM Friday.</p><h2>Iran War Escalation</h2><p>Houthis launched their first military operation
in support of Iran — a ballistic missile at Israel.
Debris caused fires at a UAE industrial hub. Drone hit
Kuwait airport radar. The 10-day Hormuz extension is the framework
but the situation is more fragile.</p><h2>No Kings Protests</h2><p>3,100+ demonstrations planned
nationwide, organizers expecting millions. Two-thirds of RSVPs from outside major
cities, up 40% from June 2025.</p><h2>DHS Shutdown Day 43</h2><p>Congress left
for two-week recess without a deal. 61,000 TSA workers have
missed three paychecks.</p><h2>AI Replacement Watch</h2><p>Warhorse Studios (Kingdom Come Deliverance 2)
fired their Czech-to-English translator and replaced him with AI. No
warning. 12K upvotes, 1,500 comments on Reddit.</p><h2>Apple</h2><p>Turns 50 Wednesday. iPhone
Air C1X modem matches Qualcomm on speed, wins on latency.
15+ new products expected this year. No iPhone in Lockdown
Mode has ever been hacked.</p><h2>From Your Inbox</h2><p>Claude Team: Claude Code
can now keep working while you're away. 404 Media: Earth's
magnetic field creating cosmic ray void. The Atlantic: America sliding
toward illiteracy.</p><h2>Tacoma</h2><p>Cherry blossoms blooming at Wapato Hills — gorgeous photos
on r/Tacoma.</p>